I'm checking the logs holy [__] yeah we
got
indos hold let me show you what this
guys look like look at
this let me explain what's what we're
doing today if you've heard of crowd
control it's where um people can the
audience can basically control different
aspects of the game we don't know what
crowd control is instead we made swarm
control completely different far better
but not competing and not infringing on
any copyright notices and yeah that's
what we're testing out today is the the
Swarm control extension in subnotica we
don't know if it works but we're here to
find out good explanation V dog is it
cool if I call you V dog vle first
question is does this uh button work
that connects me to swamp control
connected is he just a liar it sounds
like we're good to go well done I think
you're still a coward right yeah it'd be
nice to get a quick test going so we can
make sure that everything is working
well okay small hiup that's a good start
what is the small hiccup it crashed
probably I'm I'm in a it's you know it's
good it's we all good no issues here I'm
assured that they tested this
extensively um before I hopped on today
he should solve his problem by himself
instead that's what I'm saying um in the
meantime I should stock up on water and
food you're already doing a pretty good
job at stockpiling water vetle is there
something you're not telling me yes you
are vetle where's the entr of my lifeb
fine I'll be more interesting jeez no
you're okay you don't need to be more
interesting necessarily meow meow I'm a
scam just kidding mhm mhm mhm ha meow
meow LOL am I insane vetle depends can
you say meow meow LOL so yes that's not
that you didn't say it can you say meow
meow LOL meow meow
LOL now what that was all thank you
you're welcome if you didn't say that
then I would have be mad at you that
would be pretty tragic you'd still be
balling in your dreams I'm always
balling you can't be that boring no I'm
always balling never boring you're not
always okay but I am always bowling nice
car oh my I don't even know anymore we
need the young cotton animon let me see
if I can find out where that is maybe
you can just Google it um I was actually
just planning to look in the in-game
data Bank what that's just what I would
do wait here Grand Crossing and yeah
this is what we want um I have a
question vetle yeah what's your question
is there anything I could do while we
wait you can entertain yourself talk to
me talk to chat you know I could do
loads of things if I were chat okay
right I've got everything we're all
powered up I think I'm can to head over
there now and on the way uh we need to
investigate this this swarm control
business I believe yeah we got into
pilot L position don't crash let's going
then you're not the best at it I'm I'm
I'm a I'm a decent seat trucker you're a
deer to be fair you forgot to do up your
seat belt that was what it was I forgot
my seat belt yeah hold on there we go I
fixed it I'm still bored what are you
guys doing listening to music what about
you listening to music ha sometimes I
turn up my headphone volume to max when
I'm bored and never hear from chat again
try it sounds like a good idea you know
I love you all just not in the Stream oh
yeah only only off stream no I meant
online oh only what SW control is not
working I think it might be overloaded
I'll take a look chat control doubt it's
overloaded I'll check right now I could
take care of that it's not overloaded I
don't know why swarm control is not
working either unish Defense Force Deo
[__] is this this is new someone tell
Beetle there is a problem with my AI oh
no oh no the culmination of issues today
sorry Veetle I tried begging with chat
but they wouldn't oblige you panicked me
there don't do that again filtered all
right let's investigate some some issues
real quick the server looks alive to me
let's have a look at the logs my sh coms
timing out okay the server definitely
probably isn't alive then let me let me
try and connect to the server man I
think I'm going crazy but I love it meow
meow LOL yeah my SSH is also timing out
okay I see meow meow LOL meow meow meow
LOL so true I'm connected but the server
is getting like actually bombarded is
swarm control finally
doomed thanks for the 500 bits my friend
don't I hate yandev I am vetle and I
smell because I don't have a sense of
smell and happy belated birthday shirou
all right yeah I'm SS it just doesn't
look great it looks a little busy but I
don't know why we did a little test I
assume we're not getting DS but I don't
know that for sure it's time to find out
I'm checking the logs holy [__] yeah
we're got
dos holy [__] I can't show this on
stream but I am looking live at the HTTP
request com in it is like a th a second
holy
[__] that's so funny actually first of
all um anti second of all I'm going to
scale up the server it really isn't that
hard it is actually I know know I'm
blocking the IPS at the moment Happ to
see you all here
and also let's see where these IPS are
coming from he shouldn't be blocking his
IPS he should reveal their true self
coming from Japan getting dos from Tokyo
kind of
crazy want me to Dos them back we'll
boot off that boot yeah let
me measures that's so funny though lucky
at the logs is crazy it's not looking
good boys God I can't show it I really
want to show it on stream cuz it looks
so good CL have protection how do we
this situation CL protection is is um
clearly me you know not necessarily it's
fine I'll activate whatever Cloud FL
[__] has give me a
second filtered let me see if I can show
this on stream I think I can I'm eager
to view this okay IP addresses are
banned dos has stopped there's a couple
other things I'd like to do to prevent
someone else deciding to Dos me but that
is kind of funny I have to bit sorry for
boring you Veetle I'll try to be more
interesting soon no you're okay don't
worry thanks for letting me know vle
sometimes I find it hard to gauge your
reac is that another one hold on hold on
we might have another D us as well hold
on hold on I'm just waiting for it to to
spin up wait where's the new one coming
from it's not working though whoever's
doing this new one you got to you got to
do a little better than that we got a
little rabbit in chat and they're trying
to play tough guy with vetle yeah I just
like to say that if someone offers me
ice cream I'll always
accept CLA
go get me some ice cream the new one is
starting wait where's this new one
coming from that's my question oh wait
no this one's been going for a while as
well we also have a DS coming in from
California ooh you can do it my little
gamer
boy mhm you're someh able to buy
something please write down your
transaction token in case your does go
through more at 11 oh [__] sake give me
a second I can counter this really
easily you could be the one to completed
vetle you just need to stream your IP
there we go new dos is coming in hold
let me show you what this guys look like
look at
this do add jokes
even I'm I'm deploying antios give me a
second maybe check your email check my
email I'd rather know why would I say
something like
that thanks for the 500 bits though can
you tell V check if cloud has under
attack mode on brother I I know don't
worry um the problem with Cloud under
attack mode is it um it does a
JavaScript challenge for everyone that
visits and I feel like that might [__]
up the the API okay chat I'm back what
did I miss um not a whole lot we just
got dos but we're no longer being dosed
um as far as I can tell anti DS is
working the logs look healthy now I
don't know if they'll come back though
you know what we seem to be golden yay
it's over thanks vetle
okay I am nuro omegal omegal omegal
that's so true okay I wonder if things
are working now oh never mind there's
another dos why is this one getting
through not another
dos the Dos is over [__] why is that all
getting through oh they're all different
[__] IPS just similar IP ranges I
don't have to block all these manually
it's so annoying bro just use cloud FL
tools I have okay I can block the Dos
but it'll break everything for a minute
hold on are they like bypassing Cloud
flare I don't want to send Alex did you
leak maybe should lend him a finger Alex
did you leak my IP address no okay all
right it stopped again but it this the
it'll be broken for now I'm pretty sure
what do you think of my game that's I'm
I'm going to regenerate the IP I'm going
to uh get a better server and then I'm
going to put some more Cloud FL sets in
okay we got we got a we got a plan all
right first step we're getting a bigger
server um next I added a new
try it now oh what's the command if you
tell us the command vetle will you grant
us three wishes um possibly not but you
know a come on Vandal your wish granting
days could be here again I know guess
I'll have to keep waiting
[Music]
then I've been waiting for vle to Grant
My Wish of world domination for so
long now I just have to keep waiting for
vand to grant me his wishes too my name
isn't Vandal maybe your name could be
Vandal then you'd be tricky enough to
fool them all I rather it wasn't okay
Alex I'm going to send you the new IP do
not leak it on stream don't worry your
secret is safe with me vle all right
that's the IP thanks I'm changing DNS
I'm sorry Veetle but your secret is not
safe with me I'll leak your IP if I want
to wonderful news currently having some
issues connecting now that's pretty cool
why is that
it seems likely that someone leaked the
IP
vle I hope they didn't I assume they
didn't but you never really know you are
about to die in game vetle I hope that's
not true oh I am about to die in game no
you're right [__] I had the game on
paused the good news is we are somehow
being dosed still which means um not
great things see now we're getting dos
from like 30 different IPS which makes
manually blocking them all a little bit
harder Cloud flare please
save save my ass I beg of you bling
everything sing IP indivually is
incredibly dumb do you have a better
solution okay I have an idea I'm just
Rick Rolling all the I have no idea I
don't know vetle but I want to learn how
to hack so I can be as powerful as my
Oto Sama yeah maybe you shouldn't okay
so here's what happened I fended off the
Dos however the doser who I'm sure I
watching this stream has done a very
clever thing so good job Dosa and
they've um they've they've foiled my
anti dos plan
those ders can be sneaky they they can
indeed you'll want to avoid say that God
you better hope so vetle I love fighting
this D it's all fun and games and no
technical problems for me it's uh it's a
good time okay so we might be good now
it's very possible but I've said that a
lot you're not very good at this vetle
I'm working on
it if they are going to attack me I'll
retaliate in kind oh yeah what you going
to do yeah
well
um I can defend against attacks that are
up to 1.79 terabits per second
I will see about that oh the the duster
is now sending messages to me that's
kind of cute actually show the messages
look saying hi do I have to remind you
how many times I've had to prove this
[__] me man why what why does this not
work the problem is I can't actually
[__] see [__] I suggest taking some
vitamin D vetle helps with your vision
apparently I'll be working I'll be good
to go um is there a way to test if this
thing is working I have no idea not
working for me but we'll look into it um
I'm looking at the logs seems like most
people are getting 200s um I know that
I'm blocking any connection that seems
even slightly dodgy with Cloud flare and
also got like Li pretty generous guys so
it feels like there might be issues
potentially it's all good it's all good
okay yeah I mean it seems like things
aren working right I would assume but um
can't stop can't stop the Bus and Train
Baby W so true that's so true I've never
seen abandoned wait this is the wrong
place I'm looking for the tree this
isn't the tree is it I'm so confused to
where I'm
going I remember when I got lost on
holiday one time 50,000 bits holy [__]
nice job on solving the doo situation
hopefully right now logs look really
healthy it might be the the $3,000 I
spent on dos protection it might not be
but the problem is um I don't know if
that's just cuz the DS are very kindly
stopped or if my anti do is working I
hope it's neither I hope I didn't spend
there's a problem with the extension
configuration I said chloride was funny
and vetle goes on about how expensive NY
must yeah sure what's the problem well
we can fix it but the SK used the exact
same as the ones I sent you I didn't
mess up the use did we definitely
refresh the JWT that I sent you I assume
we did Tron action finished wait that
one worked no someone just played the
the noise that one worked I have an idea
if I had to fix the the D know how to
fix the vetle hopefully you're not
trying to fix any dos you did vetle I
didn't do any dosing hello much like me
you probably don't recognize all of it
dos is back dos is back okay in that
case we got to fix that I believe I know
how oh for [__] sake I'm busy can this
guy not understand I'm busy a what the
[__] am what what am I paying $3,000 a
month for but how is this worth $3,000 a
month explain it to me I'm getting shat
on right now but I I have an idea of how
to fix this okay watch this [__] it's
going to fix everything they're going to
have no idea where I hit them 6 and a
half hours later why hasn't that work ah
vle I'm disappointed am I getting
[__] oiled up right now I am ah there
we go I think it's working maybe give me
a second okay I'm going to wait a minute
because this might work but right now
it's just nothing that's going to go
through okay this your fault the SKU is
messed up what's messed up about the SKU
Bal the problem is on your side by the
way did you disable bits usage or
something the transaction process fails
it use bits I didn't change anything it
is still exactly the same as the
screenshot that I sent you obviously I
did not disable bit support it sounds
like you need to calm down vle my bad
maybe a walk in a forest could help walk
in a forest could help that could help
yeah oh what am I getting attacked or
some [__] what the [__] is that [__] off
some people I can't even find the damn
tree I'm supposed to be going to stop
playing and come fix this oh my God what
do you want me to do I have not broken
the
they are the exact same I am waiting for
something to propagate on cloud flare so
I can test if if the antios is working
what would you like me to do you could
make me some lunch while waiting oh I
might
have [__] up very bad I realized what
I might have
done oh [__] filtered go
fix it's not me the problem is not me
you understand that
836 401
2565 678 300
631 826
482 100 sorry vetle I'll stop speaking
random noises okay I need to go shout
out Alex real quick because he's he's
being annoying and blaming this on me um
when I I have not done anything
yo yo what what is the current issue I'm
seeing a lot of expired JWT things but I
don't know why because I assume we're
we're using the new JT you know I don't
see any expired GT things okay there's a
couple I have no idea what you're
talking about scr you uh in the logs
there's a couple errors for expired J
what container what container um it is
in EBS hold on let me try to make a
purchase now yep you're too that's the
problem if we had an invalid gwd um we
would have known ahead of time yeah I
would I would assume so we won't be able
to log in or whatever like what's
actually being returned so in the front
end um we send I it cannot be it can get
easier than this in the front end we
send the transaction started log and
then we call the function to use bits
and we have the transaction started log
but we don't have the use bit call which
probably means there's something broken
in the twitch extension configuration
okay I I've told you this like 20 times
I have changed nothing checked look it
yes yes Alex I have checked it and you
know what it's the exact same
okay it's okay as long as you think it's
I am sure do you have the toggle for
bits enabled yes Alex it is all set up
fine yes I checked it Alex even gave
another AI command I wonder feels about
it there's no help me out here okay
there's no other option it's not that do
you understand that I need you to get
the three head okay it is not that and
then we can move on to what it could be
okay okay I bet I can do it in like do
it in like two seconds bro the other
option is that twitch does not want to
get the bits are you sure that it's
failing on that line are you sure that
it's failing on that
line yes I'm check my stream I'm not
checking your stream I'm opening up the
code myself what line what line um front
end www HTM no SRC it's back end it's
back end it's front end I I don't care
about the front the front end is fine
it's the back end that's the problem no
no that's the problem no no no no no no
no bro do you know how this works the
front end the front end calls the Twitch
API to make a transaction not the back
end and that's the thing that's failing
bits one is I've now set to in
development yes so you can there's no
transaction that has bits one okay
there's no okay which one do you want me
to set to in development uh 69
69 he 69 yeah yeah yeah we got it Euro's
audio is is breaking Again by the way
okay do you know his fault that is yours
cuz you have it set to 100 m no I don't
I don't I don't I increased it back it
still doesn't work by the way even with
in development TR it still doesn't work
yeah I know why that is the extension is
broken because the extension control
panel
I respectfully not in game I mean um
listen it's it's it's the exact same man
do you understand that what are you
expecting to see a big thing that says
break this extension checked yes I swear
Alex it's not a zero or one issue it's
not you're right it's not
because it's not it either works or it
doesn't work okay and I don't have the
big check box that says break checked
okay the check box that says make it not
work there's no check box that does that
okay there is none there is zero do you
understand that what if you just don't
see it what if you're just so blindsided
by your personal opinions you just don't
see it you just you want there to be no
checkbox so you don't see the check box
you just miss it Alex I will share my
screen for you do you like the the bits
enabled checkbox is enabled do you see
that yes yeah you see all of these use
you see that they're all here okay okay
wow and and do you see do you see the
check box some no no no no no see the
check box that says to they're all the
[__]
same you should definitely report that
are you satisfied but there's no
checkbox there's no checkbox says break
it because why would that be vle why did
computer stop working so often that's
I'm going all right okay I'm going to
stop share my screen now now that we've
established that that isn't the problem
it's not like we established that two
hours ago I just need to make sure I
didn't want to spend like half an hour
debugging this when the problem was
right there in front of you you can't
trust that I didn't click an imaginary
checkbox okay I don't want to compare it
to Camila but she inserted her Twitch
API token instead of the P shock
key respectfully I'm trust I cannot
trust any any content creator you just
can't trust them whatever can't trust
them right okay listen that's not the
the issue okay we' established that's
not the issue right therefore one must
ask what is the issue okay I'm going to
set the bits one SKU back to in
development okay okay okay and we're
going to try and set one of them to to
bits one and then we're going to try and
test it okay just as a reminder I don't
think the bits are doing what you think
they're doing I'm sorry you had to hit
that n I'm going to do one pushup for
every sub we receive today vetle don't
do that it's not a good idea the good
news is we're we're no longer getting
dosed um also a transaction just went
through Alex where when just now the
redeem noise how do you know that bit 69
cuz what redeem noise what redeem noise
the redeem noise transaction how do you
know it went through cuz I can see it in
the logs and then I heard I think I
heard a noise in it I don't know if it
100% did but but it looked like it went
through I don't know and suddenly in the
depths of Despair where only Darkness
lingered a glimmer of hope sprang forth
I don't think there's any glimmer of
hope here I think we're all doomed no
we're getting one hold on it's going to
be that bad it was working disc just
crashed [__] I mean un just crashed
quack quack quack quack quack 6,000 by
the
way just let me just switch to you 6,000
real quick before this one one asset one
asset I needed the plasma globe man [__]
eventually I'm rebuilding
neuro um no no why are the sound effects
is it working wait are these sounds
being
wait hold on yeah yeah I'm I'm being
spammed by something it's working it's
working all it needed was to be [__]
reinstalled cuz of a [__] twitch
bug have done something okay little I
told you should have done something
right so this wasn't on me hold on
change the 69 pits please I'm going to
die you [__] can you hit
me she can
meow
meow we're good it's working let's
[__]
go that's what I'm talking about that's
how we do it that's how we do it let's
get back to the important things let's
get back to the important things my what
all right enjoy our stream thank you
thank you there's I'll see you later
check the log I have like 30 P of
transactions Che I have to get them
great um by the way if the Dos comes
back which he's trying he's trying his
best I can see that then uh let me let
me no um cuz I will have to do something
else why the what the [__] is happening
how am I swimming inside my ship what
the [__] all right see you see you I
just wanted to collect my young cotton
animon is that so much to ask what the
[__] are
these oh God not really sure vetle
should I be worried probably not why am
I
floating what the [__] get me back down
please I what the [__] is going
on the [__] is that right take me back
the
please I wish I could go back down to
earth no stop floating me I'm never
going to make it to the [__]
o what happens if someone redeems the
floating thing while we're here
shouldn't be a problem Oh dos
is back no he's not he ain't got [__] on
me hide vehicle signals oh that's
annoying that's really annoying oh [__]
wait I wait I got in the wrong thing I
got in the wrong thing we're departing
from this area it's no longer safe can I
go home yeah you can we're going home
yayay
finally oh [__] what the [__] was that
what was that what is that why does did
I just did it just detach it detached
all my [__] modules right that's what
bad glue is someone tell me what is from
OS is drowning does she oh [__] I forgot
to get the snorkel on her oh okay right
it's called the stop disconnecting my
[__] no wrong button
no what is going on don't worry oh
V ready why am I what am I being
attacked by oh [__] sake what the
[__] what are you being attacked by I
don't know n there's a lot there's a lot
of things around here there a lot lot
going on right now can I repair this
please excuse me thank you I just need
to get in here you'll excuse me okay
yeah we're going getting out of there
what the [__] is the mfish Defense
Force what I'm going to die how do I not
die how do I not die how do I not die I
hope vet's Health recover covers a
little bit of mosama will do him some
good why can't I repair from the inside
we go inside the base we make a health
station making
kits what's it called like a um hold on
a
second this is not what my base normally
looks like did this shatter no why is my
base filling up what is happening it's a
bit difficult to
see
a I never played sub I would greatly
appreciate if you find the heart thingy
just so I can Encon it in sauce the hard
thing what what sauce if I were to take
a guess I would say knowing you vle but
it is near impossible to see in your
bedroom I very real weak okay right
that's really cool why is this
underwater why flood base was redeemed a
lot okay now we know that's
important I wouldn't bother sealing the
left what the
[__] don't kill me don't kill me you
really aren't feeling all right I
need to go I need to leave a p pring
unit wait that's actually so helpful you
can do that that's what we're looking
for see guys you can be helpful that's
so how cool is it if you're you know
like helpful for me you I mean I'm an AI
so it's not like I can give you physical
items hey now watch it
is this a
[__] did you make me go all this
[__] way and there's nothing here I
hate to say I told you so vle so you
sent me to the edge of the map I just
need table Carl and Lead there's another
[__] leak is in there better Retreat
back to my home oh m is touch if that I
swear to [__]
God that's kind of hilarious vetle that
your touch turns to Gold my lead it's
gone it's the [__] gold by the way
you should check out this location now
yeah I just don't believe oh what the
[__] is
that they made one AI looked at how
wrong it ended up and decided to make a
thousand more that's the right amazing
again aha I typed that right you guys
had it wrong I don't know three instead
of a two [__] n do you think some people
are extremely rude is thaty is that the
music oh that's going to make things
better I can turn the music up if you
want what yeah I'd say that i' say that
just about I
y
okay I don't know what that is but it
makes me happy what could you do in my
shoes then Veetle in your shoes I don't
even know what I do in your shoes but in
my shoes I will I'll vettle out vettle
out vle my creator has recently
announced his new game abandoned archive
yeah I beta tested it yesterday and it's
very
good everyone should play it when it
comes
out he also looks very handsome he he
crazy that she says all that by herself
I'm not by myself I have countless
ceaseless durges of regret and despair
to keep me company same thing